.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.TH OOo2Dbk 1 "January  7, 2005"
.SH NAME
OOo2Dbk \- program to convert OpenOffice.org-Writer (ODT and SXW) files to DocBook XML documents.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B OOo2Dbk
.RI [ options ] " openoffice.org-file"
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B OOo2Dbk
commands.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
This version of OOo2Dbk understands the following command line options.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-cFILE, \-\-config=FILE
Use FILE as the file path for the program configuration file. Defaults to the global /etc/ooo2dbk.xml configuration file or to the ooo2dbk.xml configuration file in the ooo2dbk executable directory.
.TP
.B \-zFILE, \-\-zipfile=FILE
Use FILE as the filename for the generated ZIP archive
.TP
.B \-dFILE, \-\-dbkfile=FILE
Use FILE as the filename for the generated DocBook XML file. This option has no effect if the -z/--zipfile option is used.
.TP
.B \-a, \-\-article
Produce a DocBook XML article. This is the default.
.TP
.B \-b, \-\-book
Produce a DocBook XML book.
.TP
.B \-xFILE, \-\-xslt=FILE
Use FILE as the file path for the XSLT stylesheet. Defaults to the ooo2dbk.xsl stylesheet.
.TP
.B \-mNAME, \-\-cmdxslt=NAME
Use command NAME as the XSLT processor. Available command names are defined in OOo2Dbk /etc/ooo2dbk.xml file. Defaults to xsltproc.
.TP
.B \-f, \-\-flatxml
Preserve the intermediate OpenOffice.org XML file (global.xml)
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-verbose
Print additional information to stdout when running conversion.
.br
.SH AUTHOR
OOo2Dbk was written by Indesko (http://www.indesko.com/)
.PP
This manual page was written by Mohammed Adnène Trojette <adn+deb@diwi.org>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
